{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Info about the world: \
\
southern (starting) country is at war with northern country\
	--northern country is trying to annex the southern country (again? c.f. village elder's story)\
\
\
Info about magic:\
\
magic is illegal in northern country due to the king's paranoia\
	--the first time you have to cast a spell, a friendly NPC quickly stops you and tells you that magic is outlawed\
	--puzzle idea for in the northern capital: in order to get past somebody (guarding a door or something?) you make it look like they casted a magic spell and police immediately take them away to prison\
		--maybe knocking something over onto the police or lighting a torch or something\
		--you should bump into the same person when you get captured and imprisoned in the castle\
\
It's impossible to directly kill someone with magic! e.g. hitting them with a fireball (indirect consequences of spell can kill somebody, though. e.g. knocking something onto them)\
\
Dwarves get magical energy from the ground/earth\
Elves get magical energy from trees and plants\
Humans get magical energy from their own emotions\
\
\
Weapon ideas:\
Spirit spear :)\
\
\
Sound playing idea:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 For an intro sequence (esp. the green fields uplifting one), could play it as \'93music everywhere\'94 and then have a boolean for playLocalMusicAfter be true to transition directly to beginning.mp3 when it ends.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Beginning idea:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You could witness a climactic scene between your master and the king through a dream (sent to you psychically by your master?), done as a cutscene with one of the cinematic musical pieces. It would be pretty vague about who\'92s who (because you don\'92t know yet\'85 and maybe your master is the bad guy!), but the locational imagery could be specific.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ending idea:\
\
You fight your way through the King's mind to overcome his mind control/psychic powers at the end instead of physically fighting him (or maybe he uses a psychic attack during your battle with him that brings you into his mind). There will be battles and puzzles inside of his mind and ultimately you will either make him good again or defeat him and put the rightful king on the throne. Either way you will find out lots and lots of backstory at the end.\
\
After taking damage from his psychic attack, you enter his mind with 0 HP and can't restore any of it.\
\
The king\'92s psychic attack could manipulate the narration so that the narrator becomes a traitor or is misleading. (maybe the tutorial panel on the bottom could come back and serve as your conscience\'85 or maybe it could be unreliable while the narrator is credible).\
\
\
\
Half-elf story ideas (HE ALSO NEEDS A NAME!!!!!):\
\
The elves used to live peacefully in the northern realm but the king\'92s dark magic proved to be more powerful than the elves\'92 magic so the king drove them out. However, the king couldn\'92t destroy (or even deface) the elves\'92 sacred cemetery because it is watched over and protected by the spirits of the fallen elves\'97a force much stronger than any magic. (cemetery music: faith love remix) After being forced out, the elves scattered, with some leaving and settling in groups and others alone. The half-elf went into hiding alone in his current tree residence. He quickly befriended your master and they discovered their common anger towards the king because the king exiled both of them. Your master was the only one of the two confident, determined, and brave enough to set out to overthrow the king, which is why the half-elf is still living in the tree. When you come along, you provide the half-elf with the motivation to follow in your master\'92s footsteps and set out to do what your master could not.\
\
After landing/shipwrecking in the northern realm, you and the half-elf visit the elvish cemetery to pay respects and remind yourselves of your mission. The cemetery is still completely tranquil and unharmed. The half-elf tells you more of his story there.\
\
Near the end of the game (probably when you are imprisoned along with your master), he goes on an aristeia. the king tauntingly presents the half-elf with the sacred crystal that contains the spirits from the cemetery, but the crystal is now dull and no longer glowing with the power of the spirits (the half-elf\'92s ancestors and family!). without any trees for power, the half-elf\'92s pure emotions gift him with a completely new level of magical strength.\
alternative: the king insults the elves and the half-elf smiles and says something like \'93that\'92s where you\'92re wrong.\'94 and turns to briefly look at you before ripping free from his chains.\
with his hands/fists and eyes radiating a bright green, the half-elf rips free of his restraints and sprints towards the king. the king waves his hand to summon the guards, but the half-elf effortlessly parries their blows and kills them and immediately resumes his course for the king. the king, with an honest look of surprise on his face, turns around to face the half-elf charging toward him. without hesitation, the half-elf stabs the king in the stomach with his sword. the blade goes all the way through and comes out his back. the king\'92s red blood creates a violent contrast with the half-elf\'92s glowing green hands and eyes. the king\'92s only reaction is a devilish smile. the image seems frozen for what feels like an eternity, with the half-elf\'92s look of intensity clashing with the king\'92s eerily calm expression. the king maniacally kills the half-elf with magic and heals himself (GIVE MORE DETAILS!!!). the half-elf\'92s heroic death provides a window of opportunity for you to approach the king. the game then types in the commands for you to get up and do exactly that, without even thinking and driven by pure emotion. the final battle ensues (see ending).\
\
He believes that it is bad luck to step on moss (probably because there is moss everywhere in the cemetery).}